new files for SFDC and Einstein Analytics REST datasources (#36)
skuid/skuid-labs: experiments/dataSources/SalesforceREST/readme.md

Fortunately it is easy to build a REST data source that accesses Salesforce so you can use these other APIs to expose this data in Skuid. 

## How to use this data source

### Create the data source

First you'll need to create a new REST data source that connects to the target Salesforce org.  Configure it as follows:
* URL / Endpoint: ``https://<<MyDomain>>.my.salesforce.com``
* Use Proxy:  False
* Authentication Method:  No Authentication
* Add the following to "Common Request Headers" section. 
``Authorization: Bearer {{$Api.Session_Id}}``

#### Double check the remote site setting

* Skuid will try to automatically set up a remote site setting _for your org_ in SFDC for this data source,  but you might need to edit it.  Check in Salesforce Setup at **Security > Remote site settings**  

#### Create a CORS entry

* Allowing the browser to retrieve data directly is the fastest method for data sources (as opposed to using the Server Proxy),  but it does require that you whitelist the endpoint so you don't have a CORS violation.  
* Within Salesforce Setup, go to **Security > CORS**.

> * Create a new entry - generally it will be the same domain where you ultimately intend to host the page.  ``https://<<mydomain>>.visual.force.com``

Reviewer: We'll need to update these instructions to mirror the other page's section. Or make a centralized README for this part.

Reviewer: @Rnhatch need to re-add that addition you made re: Lightning.

# Show MORE Salesforce data in Skuid using REST

> The standard Salesforce datasource allows you to connect to most sObjects and build compelling UI's with that data.  However there are some types of data within your org not accessible through the standard Salesforce Datasource.  Boo....

Reviewer: Terminology/grammar consistency + mild formatting:

```suggestion
The standard Salesforce data source type allows you to connect to most sObjects and build compelling UIs with that data.  However there are some types of data within your org *not* accessible through the standard Salesforce data source type.  Boo....
```

> Don't worry! Salesforce provides a rich array of APIs that provide access to this type of data. In Skuid, it's easy to create a REST datasource to retrieve data from these API's and create custom UI's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't worry! Salesforce provides a rich array of APIs that provide access to this type of data. In Skuid, it's easy to create a REST data source to retrieve data from these API's and create custom UIs.
```

Examples of this data include: 

* Access to [Data.com search](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.datadotcom_api_dev_guide.meta/datadotcom_api_dev_guide/datadotcom_api_dev_guide_intro.htm)
* Access to the [interface API](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.uiapi.meta/uiapi/ui_api_get_started.htm)-  like creating a model of field picklist values. 
* Access to many [setup objects](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.220.0.object_reference.meta/object_reference/sforce_api_objects_concepts.htm) not exposed as objects to Skuid.  

## How to use this data source

> ### Create the data source

Reviewer: We don't offer a specific name in this README. In your sample pages it's `SFDC_API`. I think we should add that as an example here, since users will be prompted to select the appropriate data source when adding your pages.

> First you'll need to create a new REST data source that connects to the target Salesforce org.  Configure it as follows:

Reviewer: Still need to clarify that we're not connecting to an external org. 
```suggestion
First you'll need to create a new REST data source that connects to **the current Salesforce org**.  While you can use this to connect to data in an external org, the example below assumes you want to access data within the org where you are working with Skuid. Configure it as follows:
```

* URL / Endpoint: ``https://<<MyDomain>>.my.salesforce.com``
* Use Proxy:  False
* Authentication Method:  No Authentication
* Add the following to "Common Request Headers" section. 
``Authorization: Bearer {{$Api.Session_Id}}``

#### Double check the remote site setting

* Skuid may try to automatically set up a remote site setting _for your org_  for this data source. If your pages do not work, you might need to edit it.  Check in Salesforce Setup at **Security > Remote site settings**  

#### Create a CORS entry

* Allowing the browser to retrieve data directly is the fastest method for data sources (as opposed to using the Server Proxy),  but it does require that you whitelist the endpoint so you don't have a CORS violation.  
* Within Salesforce Setup, go to **Security > CORS**.
* Create a new entry - generally it will be the same domain where you ultimately intend to host the page.  ``https://<<mydomain>>.visual.force.com``

### Create a page with this REST model to connect to specfic APIs

#### Access to Einstein Analytics data

>  Look at the folder below for specific instructions and page examples using this datasource.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Look at the folder below for specific instructions and page examples using this data source.   
```
